Copyright (c) 2008 - Sean Dague <sean at dague dot net>

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE DEVELOPERS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


This code is based on the Proliphix Software API which can be found
here ( http://www.proliphix.com/Documentation.aspx ).  I am writing
this software to interface with my NT20e unit.  The API looks to be
the same across all their IP units, but I will only be testing on my
unit in my house.

Important notices from the manual:

**Limitations on the Frequency of Operations**

While the device can handle numerous back to back requests, it is
advisable to not sustain an operation frequency higher than 1 request
per 60 second period for a substantial amount of time. In other words,
sustained polling of the device should not exceed a few requests per
minute. A prolonged burst of requests higher than 1 request per 60
second period may degrade the main function of the thermostat.  Also,
if one is making a PIB set and wishes to observe a reaction from the
device, it is advisable to wait for at least 1 second between the set
request and subsequent get request.


